Okay, this is instruction for this histoire for C and D. You have to be very, very precise when you're inputting or inserting the data in the database. We have some years, you're going to see some folders for some years that have input the years correctly, right? Like we have 2012, 2021, and other ones. But you're going to see some years, instead of putting the years, I've replaced them with sequence. So when it comes to when you are filling in the database, it should be as a sequence exam or as a mock exam. You remember my Google Sheet for Mahdia Academy that I'm filling? So yeah. You're going to organize it in that category. It should be in the section of sequence exam, not the section of actual baccalauréat exam. For the actual baccalauréat exam of that same section, you should allow them empty. Only what or only where the years are in there. For example, 2012, if you have it, you can put it now. In histoire C and D, we have the year 2012, and we also have the year 2021, etc. As for those which their years are not there in the folders, as you can see, you should not put anything there, and you should instead replace it with the sequence, right? In the sequence, you can note in the database this is between... It should always be visible as... It should only be visible in the database the name of the school, in the document have the name of the school, the sequence, which sequence is it, and other stuffs. All these informations should just be stored in the database. Other than that, all what the students need to see is the questions, the answers, the references, how they are answered, right? And you have to put everything correctly, the images, the references, the passages, and other stuffs. So you have to take the instruction of this histoire because it's kind of different from others. Seriously.


You can see in this instruction, I will have to add this because there are certain years that are written like SC, C, and D as 2026, as 2025, and other stuffs. Those years are not actually the years. So we are going to follow kind of the same instruction as the previous subject, or, yeah, the previous subject, I think it is geography for 6D and C. Okay. Now, in 6D and E, in the geography subject, they are written as sequence, sequence one, sequence two, and other stuffs. They are not as the years. But here, I have written them as, but they are not the actual years. So we are going to go into the .txt files and see the school or administration about the mock or the sequence exams, and you are going to put it in a database as the sequence exam and not as the actual year of the exam. For the actual year of the exam, you are going to allow all the spaces empty.